Add information about backup lifecycle rules and encryption (#264)
metal-stack/docs: docs/src/installation/deployment.md

### Setting Up the backup-restore-sidecar

> The backup-restore-sidecar can come up very handy when you want to add another layer of security to the metal-stack databases in your Kubernetes cluster. The sidecar takes backups of the metal databases in small time intervals and stores them in a blobstore of a cloud provider. For each database a lifecycle rule is created. In total three rules with the prefixes `ipam-db-<metal-control-plane-stage-name>`, `rethinkdb-<metal-control-plane-stage-name>` and `masterdata-db-<metal-control-plane-stage-name>` are present. This way your metal-stack setup can even survive the deletion of your Kubernetes control plane cluster (including all volumes getting lost). After re-deploying metal-stack to another Kubernetes clusters, the databases come up with the latest backup data in a matter of seconds.

Reviewer: Thanks for the PR, @simcod. :) 

It depends on the the deployment how many lifecycle rules are created, e.g. for headscale (used for firewall VPN) there will also be backups of headscale-db. For auditing there are also databases, which are probably backed up. So "in total three" is not accurate. 

In case we implement exponential backup deletion (https://github.com/metal-stack/backup-restore-sidecar/issues/61) we also do not rely on lifecycle policies at all, so I am not sure if lifecycle policies are too much of an implementation detail and might be too detailed for the general documentation, which should focus on concepts instead of individual project's implementation.

The tip on encryption support I think is good, maybe also a bit too detailed but it makes sense to mention that the sidecar is capable of backup encryption for the general documentation.

Author: Thanks for your feedback! You are right. I was just thinking about my use case when I wrote about the life cycle rules.
In my opinion, more implementation details or what you can expect from a configuration would be very helpful for our documentation. So also for the encryption function. E.g. information about the encryption key directly in the documentation, instead of looking in the corresponding README of the repository, could make it easier for newcomers to metal-stack.
Or would it make sense to have an additional, more implementation-oriented section in our docs?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The backup-restore-sidecar can come up very handy when you want to add another layer of security to the metal-stack databases in your Kubernetes cluster. The sidecar takes backups of the metal databases in small time intervals and stores them in a blobstore of a cloud provider. For each database that will be backed up, a lifecycle rule is established. By default, the backup mechanism is deactivated and must be enabled by the operator. This way your metal-stack setup can even survive the deletion of your Kubernetes control plane cluster (including all volumes getting lost). After re-deploying metal-stack to another Kubernetes clusters, the databases come up with the latest backup data in a matter of seconds.
```

> Encryption can be enabled for the backups, by providing an encryption key. The key must be 32 bytes (AES-256) long. The backups are stored at the storage provider with the `.aes` suffix.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Encryption can be enabled for the backups by providing an an AES-256 encryption key.
```

Reviewer: The main issue for me is keeping the information in the docs up to date, while all repositories are developed at different paces, and it's really hard to remember all the details over time as they change. So I think Robert's suggestions are helpful in this regard, because it's pretty likely to be true for a longer period of time. :laughing:

Another option for you would be to include the repository's README (including the referenced branch tree) directly in the documentation, as is done by the mini-lab, metalctl and csi-driver-lvm here: https://github.com/metal-stack/docs/blob/master/update.sh#L35-L38. This way, the documentation is automatically updated for each release if something has changed. I think the backup-restore-sidecar is important enough to be added there, too.

Author: I completely understand your point of view!
For now will update the text now to include more general information.
